- [Instructor] If we take a look at the code for the app,
we can see how our client SDK called back to the API.
So the first thing we'll take a look at,
is the app.component.ts file.
This is the typescript file
that's associated with our app component.
You'll notice that it uses a productService.
This productService is provided from the client SDK
that we generated with Swagger Hub.
We can navigate into the rest directory,
and then into the API directory
in order to see the product service.
I'm going to go ahead and hide our sidebar
in order to get a better view of this code.
Okay, if we scroll down into this file,
you'll notice that the product service
has a URL to the Swagger Hub virtual server
where it's making the API calls.
All of the code in order to perform the calls to our API
is contained within this service.
So here we see our operations
and the corresponding typescript that we need
to make the calls from the client SDK.
All of this code was generated for us by Swagger Hub.